We can probably consolidate the video sites that are using embedded players and just look for the "file:" var in the scrip with ".flv" or ".mp4".  It might make it a little more robust.
we really need an event system to transition threads 
need http504 exception handling in httputil at the bufferedinputreader
We need to support partial downloads for really slow connections
add something to the logging to keep the URL so I don't keep trying to get the same URL and getting rejected
Need a system so that if we find a link but the download fails, we try another link
Do multiple downloads and keep the one with the biggest size - only if a monthly data cap is not in place

add vidbull
add flashx


Add some logging levels so that we can get more or less output from the appliation
support live stream


Implement better searching for the Show object when we're looking for seasons
fix the file type that we're saving with, it's not always mp4
fix the bug where the last download doesn't log its completion
fix the number of waiting downloads counter
fix bug where download is added when it shouldn't.  I queued up 4 episodes, as 1 or 2 finished, another was added.  And I'm downloading shows in the wrong order.
	NOTE:  This looks like the UpdateNumberEpisodes function is malfunctioning and the watched/completed values are 0 at the end.

	
Disconnect the downloader so that it can read downloads from sources such as files, not just whatever is passed directly to it?  Not sure if this is really that valuable
Make it where the number of downloads and download threads actually stay in sync.  Don't queue up 5 downloads just because we have that many threads available.
Why don't I use all of the download threads that I have available?
Redesign so that we don't have to go back through all the episodes in a season before we begin downloading
Update the Shows.log so that the starting season is updated once we complete a season
Fix it so that weirdly named episodes such as "The Office Season 9 Special" don't break things or cause an error
Keep looking at why we can't get the file size on a lot of episodes
Order the log so that the episodes are kept in order in the log, just a convenience thing
Maybe add an option to grab the smallest file instead of the largest to conserve data
Better shut down on "quit".  We have threads that don't shut down while the download is going on.  Need to shut down and clean up.
Maybe look at keeping the list of downloads and stuff in memory so that we can clean that stuff up easier on shut down and on events and just rewrite the file when needed.
